# python-challenge
Module 3 Home Work 

To complete this Python challenge I again referenced and re typed (not coppy paste) code that was used durring our Module 3 activities.  Specifically this helped me just start the <for_loop> in the PyBank assignment tracking the total months and net total.  We did an exercise durring class that showed me how to use the <int> function in connection to the specific row to connect it to .  This was used in line #41 of my code.  I also referenced our "solved activities" to calculate the average change on code lin #53.  In this module it was the first experience I had using the <round>, <sum>, <len> functions which worked great for this module.  Also I met with Angelina Murdock, we compared our code helped each other through a few syntax changes that allowed our <print_checks> to print correctly in Terminal, and we build the <output> variable together with an assist from ChatGPT.  For building the Pypoll script I referenced my previous PyBank script to build out the critical <for loop> that begins on line #31.  I also tried and tested a few different ways to do that but ultimatley setteled on the <for,_if_else> conditional statements.  I Originally had <print_checks> statements wrtitten into the code to make sure the print to terminal matched the assignment.  I then met agian with Angelina Murdock and we compared our code what we did different vs what we had the same.  We then built out the <output> function together.  However the difference in how we built our two <for_loops> showed me I needed to go a different route in my <print> and <output> to achieve the desired result.  I could not create a <output> variable like I did in the PyBank script.  So with an assist from ChatGPT I was able to build an <election_results> variable that met the desired.  All final code scripts are located in the "resources" folders for each challenge, and the txt output files are in the "analysis" folders.  